Revised OpenAPI v3 reserved header param names documentation (#10073)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/integration/rest-services/published-rest-services/published-rest-service/published-rest-operation-parameter.md

* **Path** – The operation path can contain parameters as well. If you add a path parameter, make sure you also add it to the operation. For more information, see [Published REST Path Parameters](/refguide/published-rest-path-parameters/).
* **Body** – The microflow can have 0 or 1 body parameters. A body parameter is taken from the body of the request. If the body is a file document or an image, the contents will be filled with the body of the request. If the body parameter is another type of object or a list, an [import mapping](/refguide/import-mappings/) is needed to convert the body content of the request into an object or a list. `GET`, `HEAD`, and `OPTIONS` operations should not have body parameters.
* **Header** – The value of a header parameter is taken from the (first) request header with that name.

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> Certain reserved keywords in **OpenAPI 3.0** cannot be used as header parameter names. For example, using `Authorization` as a custom header key can cause conflicts since it is already reserved by the specification. Using those reserved keywords only impacts OpenAPI v3 in the Swagger UI and not the actual API endpoints. For more details and alternative names, see [OpenAPI 3.0: Reserved header parameter names](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/v3_0/describing-parameters/#header-parameters).

Reviewer: Would it be more accurate to say "should not" rather than "cannot" as it seems that the API endpoint is still OK with this.

Or does this Swagger conflict stop you deploying your app.

Reviewer 2: Even stronger: they _can_ actually be used in OpenAPI 3.0. It is Swagger UI that does not support rendering a UI for documents that used them.

Reviewer: So would this be clearer?
```suggestion
Certain reserved keywords in **OpenAPI 3.0** which can be used as header parameter names in an API endpoint will cause conflicts in the Swagger UI. This means that Swagger will not render them properly. For example, using `Authorization` as a custom header key can cause conflicts since it is already reserved by the Swagger specification. Mendix recommends that you use alternative names where possible. For more details and alternative names, see [OpenAPI 3.0: Reserved header parameter names](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/v3_0/describing-parameters/#header-parameters).
```

Author: 'cannot' is for OpenAPI v3 and that is true. "Using those reserved keywords only impacts OpenAPI v3 in the Swagger UI and not the actual API endpoints" further explains that.

Reviewer 2: >"Mendix recommends that you use alternative names where possible"
That's never possible, so it's better to omit that.

Reviewer: @adeel2023 
I'm confused now - are we saying that OpenAPI 3.0 **is** swagger. So the endpoint can have certain values defined, but you cannot then use OpenAPI 3.0 (and thus Swagger) to define the endpoint?
@joostverhoog 
Thanks for the clarification - I misunderstood what the previous text was trying to say.

Author: Swagger is a famous visualization tool for OpenAPI v2 and v3 spec documents. Natrually, most people use it to view these documents. This is the limitation that can be observed when viewing/test OpenAPI v3 documents in Swagger editor.

Author: @MarkvanMents I still think the original changes get the message across concisely.

Reviewer: OK - I'll leave the original text.
